feat(defaults): enable 'termguicolors' by default when supported by terminal (#26407)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	attributes instead of "cterm" attributes. |guifg|
	Requires an ISO-8613-3 compatible terminal.

	Nvim will automatically attempt to determine if the host terminal

> 	supports 24-bit color and will enable this option if it does (unless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	supports 24-bit color and will disable this option if it does not (unless
```

Author: Updated to change the hardcoded default to enable.
